Minor clarifications in intro docs about transaction consequences (#4169)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/daml/intro/4_Transformations.rst

In :doc:`1_Token` you learned about the high-level structure of a DAML ledger. With choices and the `exercise` function, you have the next important ingredient to understand the structure of the ledger and transactions.

> A *transaction* is a list of *actions*, and the most common kinds of action are ``create``, ``exercise`` and ``fetch``.

Author: https://docs.daml.com/concepts/ledger-model/ledger-structure.html also mentions _key assertions_ . `create` is not "perfomed on a contract" imho.

Reviewer: I'd list all action types then, since there's only one more (otherwise, it's unclear if there are 50 other ones). The crappy part is that the ledger model and the implementation diverge here, as the implementation has a `LookupByKey` action, where's the ledger model only has `Fetch` and `NoSuchKey`. This should however be resolved when https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/pull/4029 lands

Author: ok, I added ``key assertion``, just copied it from Ledger model docs.

- A ``create`` action creates a new contract with the given arguments and sets its status to *active*.
- A ``fetch`` action checks the existence and activeness of a contract.

> - An ``exercise`` action exercises a choice on a contract resulting in a transaction called the *consequences*. Exercises come in two kinds called ``consuming`` and ``nonconsuming``. ``consuming`` is the default kind and changes the contract's status from *active* to *archived*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An ``exercise`` action exercises a choice on a contract resulting in a transaction (list of sub-actions) called the *consequences*. Exercises come in two kinds called ``consuming`` and ``nonconsuming``. ``consuming`` is the default kind and changes the contract's status from *active* to *archived*.
```

> Each action can be visualized as a tree, where the action is the root node, and its children are its consequences. Every consequence may have further consequences. Naturally, if the action is a ``fetch`` or a ``create``, then it is a leaf (without further child). You can see the action and their consequences in the transaction view of the above scenario:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each action can be visualized as a tree, where the action is the root node, and its children are its consequences. Every consequence may have further consequences. As ``fetch`` and ``create`` actions have no consequences, they are leaf nodes. You can see the actions and their consequences in the transaction view of the above scenario:
```

In :doc:`1_Token` you learned about the high-level structure of a DAML ledger. With choices and the `exercise` function, you have the next important ingredient to understand the structure of the ledger and transactions.

A *transaction* is a list of *actions*, and there are just four kinds of action: ``create``, ``exercise``, ``fetch`` and ``key assertion``.

- A ``create`` action creates a new contract with the given arguments and sets its status to *active*.
- A ``fetch`` action checks the existence and activeness of a contract.
- An ``exercise`` action exercises a choice on a contract resulting in a transaction (list of sub-actions) called the *consequences*. Exercises come in two kinds called ``consuming`` and ``nonconsuming``. ``consuming`` is the default kind and changes the contract's status from *active* to *archived*.

> - A ``key assertion`` records the assertion that the given contract key (see :ref:`contract_keys`) is not assigned to any active contract on the ledger.

Author: Note: I used the word _active_, while https://docs.daml.com/concepts/ledger-model/ledger-structure.html used the word _unconsumed_.

> Each action can be visualized as a tree, where the action is the root node, and its children are its consequences. Every consequence may have further consequences. As ``fetch``, ``create`` and ``key assertion`` actions have no consequences, they are leaf nodes. You can see the actions and their consequences in the transaction view of the above scenario:

Reviewer 2: exercises can also be leaf nodes. E.g. some user use nonconsuming choices to emit events.

Reviewer 3: I'd say `Archive` is the most prominent choice that produces an exercise node without children.

Author: How about adding this? _Even the ``exercise`` action may have no consequence, e.g. the ``Archive`` choice._

Reviewer 3: I wouldn't say the `Archive` choice has no consequences since archiving a contract is clearly a consequence. However, the consequence is part of the exercise node itself, namely the `consuming` bit set to true.
@bame-da More evidence that we got the primitives wrong...

Reviewer 2: @hurryabit in the strict sense of the Ledger Model, `Archive` has no consequences.

> Each action can be visualized as a tree, where the action is the root node, and its children are its consequences. Every consequence may have further consequences. As ``fetch``, ``create`` and ``key assertion`` actions have no consequences, they are leaf nodes. You can see the actions and their consequences in the transaction view of the above scenario:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each action can be visualized as a tree, where the action is the root node, and its children are its direct consequences. Every consequence may have further consequences. As ``fetch``, ``create`` and ``key assertion`` actions have no consequences, they are always leaf nodes. You can see the actions and their consequences in the transaction view of the above scenario:
```

Author: I'm including the `always` word.

However, I suggest to avoid the `direct` word, because the _consequenses_ are introduced as the (direct) children of the execution. So the implied _indirect consequences_ would require to change this definition (we can do this, but I intended this PR as a tidy-up only) here and on https://docs.daml.com/concepts/ledger-model/ledger-structure.html#actions-and-transactions  , where the transitive closure is called the set of _non-proper subactions_ instead.

Reviewer 2: fine
